Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi was born on October 2nd, 1869.
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi died on January 30th, 1948.
Nathuram Godse died on January 30th, 1948.
Gandhi Jayanti was the successor to Gandhi.
Gandhi was a member of the Indian National Congress.
The Quit India Movement is a participant of the Gandhi Cricket Club in India.
The religion of Gandhi is Buddhism.
Gujarat was the birthplace of G S Thakur.
Gandhi was a participant in the 1943 Hunger strike.
Gandhi was a member of the political party in Congress.
Ben Kingsley was a cast member of Gandhi.
Gandhi was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture.
Karamchand was married to Putlibai.
Putlibai is a child of Mohandas.
Theosophical Society was founded in 1875.
Henry Salt is a member of Theosophical Society.
The Osophical Society was founded by Arnold Hills.
Dada Abdullah is a leader of South Africa.
The Natal Indian Congress was founded in 1894.
The book 'A New Act' was published in 1906.
The Battle of Colenso was a battle in the American Civil War.
Gopal Krishna Gokhale was a member of the Indian National Congress.
A member of the Indian National Congress is called Chitta Ranjan Das.
Sardar Valabhbhai Patel is a member of the Indian National Congress
Chakravarti Rajagopalachari is a member of the Indian National Congress.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah is a member of the Indian National Congress.
A member of the Indian National Congress is called Nehru.
Ambulance Corps was involved in World War I.
Khilafat Movement was dissolved in 1922.
Dandi is located in the administrative entrant Gujarat.
Gujarat is located in India.
Ramayana is a character in Rama-rajya.
Ramayana plays Ramatha.
The Nehru presidency took place in 1938.
Second Round Table Conference took place in 1932.
The point in 1932 was "Gandhis 1943 Hunger strike".
Muhammad Ali Jinnah is a member of the Muslim League.
Mahadev Desai died on 22 February 1944.
Nathuram Godse was occupant of Birla House.
Nathuram Vinayak Godse is a member of the political party Rash
Nathuram vinayak godse was born in Pune.
Henry David Thoreau is the author of The Kingdom of God Is Within You.
Leo Tolstoy is the author of The Kingdom of God is Within You.
On the Duty of Civil Disobedience was written by William Salter.
A Letter to A Hindu was published in 1908.
The Quit India Movement started in 1919 and ended it in 1919.
I Have a Dream was written by Martin Luther King Jr.
The name of the leader of the country is john tiger.
Caliph is part of Ottoman Empire.
Ottoman Empire is part of Islamic Caliph.
The Hindu dish is from India.
The example of "Gandhis 1943 Hunger strike" was "Ghosthis 1943 hunger strike
Abha was married to Kanu.
Gujarat Vidyapith is located in Ahmedabad.
Nehru held the position of Prime Minister.
Hind Swaraj was published in 1909.
The publication date of 1909 is The Collectory.
Unto This Last was written by John Ruskin.
Mahatma Gandhi was born in Gandhinagar.
The Statue of Gandhi was inaugurated on December 15th, 2022.
Nelson Mandela held office as President of South Africa.
The International Day of Nonviolence was founded in 1948.
The Mahatma Gandhi District is located in the Administrative Territory of Houston.
The composer of Satyagraha is Philip Glass.
Mahatma Gandhi Museum is located in the Administrative Territory of Madurai.
The Gandhi Memorial is located in the administrative district of Kanyakumari.
Kanu Ramdas Gandhi was the father of Rajmohan Gandhi.
India is located in the Indian Ocean.
India has a border with Pakistan.
India has a border with Bangladesh.
India's basin is the Arabian Sea.
India is located in the Ganges.
India is located in the Administrative Territory of Brahmaputra.
The administrative entity of India is Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
India has a part of ASEAN.
India is part of the World Trade Organisation.
India is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site.
The language used in India is Hindi.
Pakistan has a border with Bangladesh.
The Indo-Aryan religion is Hindu.
Indo-Aryan migration is part of Indo-Greek.
Mahavira is a religion in Buddhist.
Delhi Sultanate was replaced by the Mughal Empire.
The Indian National Congress is in the Fall of the Republic.
Rajiv Gandhi is a member of the political party in the Indian National Congress.
Indian Plate is a border with the Indo-Australian Plate.
The subclass of the ecosystem is biome.
The endemic entity of species belongs to the category of species.
In 1951, the successful candidate was called Jawaharlal Nehru.
Narendra Modi was the successful candidate for the 2014 general election.
Rajya Sabha is a member of Parliament.
Electricity is a subclass of renewable energy.
The spouse of Shiva was Parvati.
Upanishads is part of the Vedas.
Upanishads facet of the Hinduism.
Upanishads is currently in work in Mahabharata.
The language of Vedas is sanskrit.
Vedas is part of the Mahabharata.
Bhagavata Purana is the based on Vedas.
Vedas is a traditional dish of the same name.
The subclass of Vaishnava is Hindu.
The subclass of Hinduism is yarkic morgan.
The facet of the Hinduism is tantric.
Advaita Vedanta is a subclass of Hinduism.
The facet of the Hinduism is Atman.
The facet of the Hinduism is moksha.
Bhakti is a form of Hinduism.
Bhagavan is a form of Hinduism.
The facet of the Hinduism is walter.
The Hinduism is a subclass of Vaisheshika.
The Hinduism is a subclass of the Vaishnavism.
The ethnic group of Hinduism is Hindu.
The facet of the Hinduism is the indian-aryan migrations.
The religion of Hinduism is in Indo-Aryan.
Hinduism is a religion.
Hinduism is a religion in India.
Swami Vivekananda's movement was in the Hindu Renaissance.
Swami Vivekananda was influenced by Mahatma Gandhi.
Mahatma Gandhi is the leader of the Hindu Renaissance movement.
Atman is the same as Brahman.
Bhakti is a type of worship.
The spouse of Devi was shua.
The spouse of Shiva was Parvati.
The wife of Shiva was Shakti.
Radha was the spouse of Krishna.
Indo-Aryan is part of Indonesia.
Indo-Aryan is an ethnic group in the United States.
Ganges is located in or near body of water in Haridwar.
Diwali is a festival.
The Vedic Calendar is in the Fall of the Lunasolar Calendar.
The monthsolar calendar is in the Hindu Calendar.
Patanjali is a notable work of Yoga Sutras.
Yoga Sutras is part of Yoga.
Brahma is the name for the Hindu cosmology.
